okay so I'm getting more votes for ego
so this is what I want you guys to do
okay okay so we'll start with ego but
it'll help with it so everything helps
everything so it's not okay there now
things are evenly divided buddy
so this is what I do you guys have a
candle anyone have a candle
okay I know candles are becoming extinct
so I want you guys to take your I mean
this is gonna be weird so I use the
middle finger but I'm not trying to flip
you guys off it's just
let's do this
okay so normally I curl in my thumb but
then maybe I'll get banned from my Jesus
if we use more than one thing and I want
you to take your middle finger and put
it
I'm trying to think about maybe like a
centimeter like a tiny tiny amount away
from the area between your eyebrows
and then
I don't know how else to say this but do
you guys feel something
like don't touch it
but just leave it like very close
right and then so
so it's kind of weird like it's
weird so just close your eyes and just
focus on that sensation
you
try to keep your hands study just focus
on patient
you
now with your eyes closed I want you to
relax your hand put your hand down sit
up straight and just focus put all of
your concentration on the spot on the
forehead where you felt something
or the spot kind of between your
eyebrows
you
right adjust if you're having trouble
concentrating on the spot just feel that
spot
you
you can concentrate on the spot you can
feel the spot and then this is gonna
sound kind of weird too if you're having
trouble or not having trouble try to
move towards it like try to imagine that
your attention is like a ray of light
and that it's like moving towards that
spot or even out of that spot
you
when you're ready go ahead and come back
slowly exhale prize how do you feel
Yeah right so your your ability to
detect color
Changez
go calm
now I'm gonna ask you guys I almost feel
like we should do perfect that's good so
I feel like we should do like a group
discord voice thing because when I teach
meditation I like to ask people about
their experiences and I just don't like
that's okay so I like to ask people
about what they felt so I'm gonna ask
you guys like what did you feel over the
course of that did you feel any
sensations how would you describe what
you felt
finger
how did how did it feel when you closed
your eyes
right so like
now see this is cool right because let
just look at twitch at like something is
happening
someone felt tickling someone felt like
it shined a light on their skull someone
felt like an eye ripple like a wave like
it's weird but this is what I
love about meditation is that when you
do a good meditation technique like a
proper meditation technique you start to
feel really cool stuff
and
and so what I love about it is like when
you so people think that like meditation
is just like Oh calm your mind like
observe your thoughts like no man like
that's not what meditation is about
meditation is about experiencing like
wonderful and amazing things it's about
like feeling sensations like like you
know if you have like an out-of-body
experience with meditation in like
someone said like it felt like charging
like I was charging up a laser beam
that's like that's cool like
that's why I meditate like I got into
meditation not to attain inner peace
like what I loved about it when I went
to India's people were teaching me stuff
that gave me like cool experiences
because I like laser beams I liked
playing video games with laser beams and
I like the experience of charging up a
laser beam like that's just cool and so
if you guys are doing this stuff like
that's awesome I'm glad you guys felt
this stuff because over time as you
start to practice more and more this is
just the first time you guys have been
meditating you learn this you learn this
technique like 60 you did it for 60
seconds and this is what you felt you
felt yourself charging up a laser beam
after 60 seconds of meditation now you
go you walk down the street and you ask
a dozen people that you meet hey have
you ever felt like you're charging up
your inner laser beam like people aren't
going to know what the you're
talking about but how cool is that that
that's actually your experience
like it's insane this is what meditation
is about it's cultivating inner
experience right and the like people are
also talking a little bit about you know
so one person says bad boy killer gaming
says during all this time I couldn't
stop giggling lurk nervously and then
like it also said like all I could feel
was my anxiety fighting to keep itself
alive like absolutely so the first thing
is that if sensations come out in
meditation like let them come out that's
how it heals you so you guys have like
you know we were talking about anger
being depression depression is anger
turned against the self anxiety and
panic is like his bipolar tendencies of
like energy and movement being
suppressed so when stuff gets suppressed
like it comes out in a maladaptive way
and so the other cool thing about
meditation is that when we start to
meditate like some of this weird stuff
that's buried starts to come up and the
cool thing is sometimes what's buried is
actually positivity
if you felt like giggling and nervous
like that's cool like you should be
giggling like giggling is so people talk
about meditation cultivates bliss the
first step of bliss is giggling giggling
is something that people don't do enough
on like if we think about children who
are like innocent and pure and happy in
the simplest way they giggle very easily
and you think about people like
ourselves like gamers who are you know
gamers may laugh they'll laugh at the
dankest of memes right you'll laugh at
maulding but giggling is different
like there's no schadenfreude and
giggling like you when you know
schadenfreude is like you know maulding
is about schadenfreude there's like
something vicious about that it's like
laughing at someone else's expense it's
making fun of them it's a really like
you know nice and baked and burnt burnt
like dank mean like that's you know
that's a gamer humor and that can be
funny but giggling is something simple
in its pure so if you start to
experience that during meditation let it
come out and then the other thing is I
mean so bad boy killer gaming says all I
could feel was my anxiety fighting to
keep itself alive absolutely so what we
wanted we want to teach you something
where the negative causes of your
suffering are struggling to stay alive
whereas most of the time your anxiety
isn't fighting to keep itself alive
you're fighting the anxiety to keep
yourself alive so in 60 seconds if we
could create a situation where your
anxiety is struggling to stay alive and
you're charging up your laser
beams like I'll take it that's why you
guys should meditate forget about all
this like neuroscience stuff it's not
about Neurosci like sure we talked about
neuroscience we talked about physiology
we talked about cortisol we talk about
building creativity and focus and
empathy and all that stuff is important
but that's not the real reason we
meditate the real reason we meditate is
because of all of this it's for the
experience and in the effects of it down
the road or great but it's really about
the experience
yes Oh artificial intelligence says I
think I'm ready to come on entrepreneur
burnout you can fix this we can talk
about it but remember I can't I can't
fix anything right because I'm not
allowed to dispense medical advice over
the inter I'm happy to talk to you about
it so go ahead and sign up
yeah so one thing I would be careful
about
so digital dude one asks so that was the
ego meditation as the anxiety one a
different technique yes
the anxiety ones a different technique
you because okay we can do that one
let's do that one too I've taught this
one I think on screen before so the
first thing you guys need to do is sit
up straight we're gonna do an anxiety
meditation that I'm gonna talk to you
guys for a little while
is to set up straight
so it's important that your back be
straight
and one day I need to teach you guys how
to set so we'll do that one day
and
you
we're gonna do an anxiety tech yeah you
can lie on the floor uh it's going to be
hard to lie on the floor for this one
so donut my desk is anxiety good is
meditation good for anxiety so
meditation is good for all kinds of
things like there's studies that show
that anxiety is helpful for insomnia
it's helpful for anxiety it's helpful
for depression but what I think Western
science doesn't understand is like they
don't understand the specificity of
techniques so like if you go to India
and you learn so I studied for several
years and I learned like lots of
different kinds of meditation from
different people in different traditions
and my experience has been that
meditation like different kinds of
meditations are good for different
things and yes that first one so the
third eye' meditation is is for ego